excuse me sir may I have an autograph
yes because because Sam delay and you
and to me and Eric we have some news if
you don't follow us on Twitter you
probably don't know about this what are
we gonna gated for vlogger the year what
that's crazy
yes so crazy so what there's this thing
called the Shorty Awards just to give
you some perspective
last year I was this chick who was
invited to the shorty words because I
made a viral video some dude named Casey
nice fat who I ended up winning youtuber
of the year winning youtuber of the year
at the shore
[Music]
password to this year you know now I'm
living in here say I wasn't even living
in New York City and we out here the
squad is nominated for vlog earlier
sorry Katie
it's Sam Eric is nominated too and like
the people in category like david dobrik
John Olsen John Olsen and Julian I mean
it's insane
Monica Church what does man there's hit
a lot of has been on this channel she is
so talented so we're gonna be squatting
out it's here in New York and it's gonna
be fun what do you have to say for
yourself you let I it it's just funny
because if you go on the website all of
the photos of all the nominees are
photos of the nominees but mine is a
picture of an egg because my Twitter
avatar is an egg there's all these
people with their faces and there's just
an egg a blue pearl a beautiful blue
pearl egg so I just want to get some
context to this I didn't really explain
it one of my videos yet but um 2017 I
just feel like kind of anything goes and
on January 1st I changed my Twitter
average part to an egg as a joke because
like I'm verified and I have a 20,000
followers so most people that are eggs
on Twitter are like new accounts or
trolls and I'm just like a nice-looking
egg but I'm not changing back to a
profile regular profile picture until I
have 50 km Twitter so it might take like
five years all right all right well you
heard it here first
fam but you can go vote for us so yeah
go vote for me and Sam don't vote for
Eric because he he left us for LA but
vote for Sarah for the most part vote
for the leg yeah Chipotle Chipotle
Chipotle Chipotle Chipotle Chipotle
Chipotle Chipotle time to eat some
Chipotle yeah yeah I was like Sarah I
live your best life get chips and
guacamole now look at that salad when I
first moved to New York City I ate so
much Chipotle like I got completely sick
of it
I haven't eaten it in the past like
three months and then I was sitting in
church today and the middle of SARS I
was like you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get my
some Chipotle so I got myself some
Chipotle so I think I like it again I'm
gonna go eat my Chipotle I will loop you
into the mess that is this vlog after I
eat Chipotle so it's good to sit down
and talk to you guys I feel for some
reason I feel you haven't done this in a
while cuz I wasn't pleased and then yeah
I don't know how are you so let's talk a
little bit about me I'm just failing at
vlogging as I was nominated for vlogger
of the year which is insane right it's
it's just insane if you like to vote
again it's done in the description below
but today today is Sunday so you're
watching this tomorrow a few days ago I
cut back from Belize and I just hit the
ground running I was in New York City I
was feeling it I was booster boarding to
meetings I was making phone calls I was
doing the emails I was crushing it I was
killing life and then I get to today
today I get to today
and then I get to today why is that so
hard to say and I'm like I blog anything
I didn't film anything I tried to make
up for it and film some stuff today
first time trying to take up the drone
in New York City
oh there it is clothes everywhere every
cleaning out my closet I can just get
get rid of these clothes very very
easily what's so funny about that little
like cleaning bit is my room is still a
mess so I couldn't put that in I'm sorry
guys I just I just try to make amazing
content and sometimes it just doesn't
when I decided to clean out my closet I
was very determined and in that moment
and so I I just threw up my closet all
over my room um so they're just clothes
everywhere but then I was like yeah I
don't feel like it anymore it's my
apartment
is it Mouse do you redo that do ya know
anyways I've been and such
fantastic moon I have been so happy
lately like I feel like I need to say
this on camera so I can like remember
remember it I know I haven't it's for it
I haven't been like filming all of the
stuff that's making me happy like
meeting these new people making moves
just going for a run down to downtown
Manhattan at 11:00 p.m. at night because
I feel like it being outside writing on
poster board riding my bike it's crazy
how much like where you live impacts
just everything I generally like love
New York City so much and it's made me a
more active person which I really like
it's easier to get outside because you
know you have to like walk to places and
things and it's just like better for my
soul butter for my person then in 2016
being in 2017 was a lot of planning and
now it's cool to kind of see what action
is bringing and I know that the live
streams were supposed to start this week
I haven't expanded more on that yet
because they're actually getting bigger
and better than what I anticipated to be
so they'll probably start like
mid-february I am pushing that back a
little bit but that's for your benefit
because when they come I think a lot of
you guys are going to enjoy them they're
hopefully gonna be the perfect blend of
information but entertainment and
inspiration and bring it on some so
really cool people onto these streams
and I'm I'm gonna have a stream and I'm
just so freakin excited I genuinely I
can't say words a day I genuinely love
you guys the fact that the Internet is
my job and I get to talk to you guys on
Twitter and on Instagram and snapchat
and in the comments of these videos and
in real life when I meet some of the
peach
in the real life it just it's so cool
it's so cool I know this is kind of a
weird video but tomorrow I am gonna post
a bonus video up Tuesday bonus video
yayyy I got a lot of questions in my
previous believes videos about my GoPro
and a lot of you guys asked how do you
make a GoPro footage look like not GoPro
um and I answer that question and a
video that'll be tomorrow I hope you
guys just have the best Monday ever go
and kill it this week cuz I know I will
I'm gonna be killing it my squad is
gonna be killing it you're gonna be
killing it we're just gonna take over
the world but let's take over the world
guys come on it's once again that short
net worth link is down the description
below to go vote for me from a lot of
the yeah I think that's such a cool
testament to kind of just setting goals
putting in the work and making it happen
and people recognize that and I'm just
hashtag blessed thank you thank you guys
I will see you in the next video stay
peachy okay bye
you